Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Richard E. Merwin Distinguished Service Award?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in formal methods for dependable and?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves continues to impact modern computing; for example,?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focusing specifically upon the formation of stars,?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on the extreme miniaturization of technolo?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at UC Berkeley?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow and the Chief Technologist of National Semi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Center for Information Technology Research?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves advisor, and list CS-BIO or AI-SCI as your major a?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves for SAC Capital Management, a hedge fund based in ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Faculty Mentoring Award , 2022?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of the IEEE?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interest lies in AI safety and security, Agentic A?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves scientist at Intel Corporation?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves includes models for chemically amplified imaging m?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Group (BAIR) in the EECS department at Berkeley?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Distinguished Professor in the Department of Elect?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is AI alignment -- getting agents (be it robots, c?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on modern systems theory, especially model?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves cloud computing and AI systems?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W240B after taking?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves and teaching on the physics of integrated-circuit ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves often lies at the interface between Photonics and ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Power and Energy Center (BPEC) Se?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Laboratory for Information and Sy?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include design of electronic-photonic sy?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves publications and patents?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Physical Electronics (PHY) ; Power and ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves appointment at Lawrence Berkeley National Laborato?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves program in neural engineering and systems neurosci?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on designing modeling approaches that are ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is at the intersection of digital learning (especi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on developing techniques that enable engin?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at the Institute of Applied Physics in Basel conce?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Wireless Research Center (BWRC) S?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Agile Robotics And Perception Lab (ARPL) B?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves , 2015 Okawa Research Grant , 2014 NSF Presidentia?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include Computational Biology, Biometric?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W242B after taking?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves as an R&D Systems Engineer at Texas Instruments Ki?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interest lies in Software Engineering, Programming?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves with Monolithic CMOS Silicon Photonics," IEEE Micr?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on computational imaging methods in medica?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at University of Cambridge (1959-1960)?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow in the Quantum Photonics Group at MIT?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves self-steepening of light pulses, self-phase modula?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Air & Space Center (BASC) Center ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include high-dimensional statistics, inf?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Wireless Research Center (BWRC) T?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in the areas of wave-matter interact?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in the theory of machine learning, o?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves applying natural language processing and machine l?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves microelectronics technology and design?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers EPIC Data lab (EPIC) Sky Computing Lab (Sk?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center from 2000 to 2003?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W240C after taking?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Center for the Theoretical Foundations of ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems Center (?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves has been recognized with a George M?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests were Power Systems; Stability; and Syste?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow from 1984 to 1988?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Award, recognized “for noteworthy achievements t?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of the IEEE and the AAAS?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Award , 1995 Berkeley Citation , 1991 American Ass?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow in Science and Engineering?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the areas of complexity theory, cryptography, a?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves scientist at INRIA in France, where she is leading?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Electromagnetic theory; Antennas; Compu?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Lab (BAIR) About History Diversity Visiting Specia?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Scientist at Intel Research in Berkeley, Californi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves a variety of research projects in cloud computing,?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves ," EECS Department, University of California, Berk?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for  after taking EECS 227AT?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves from the Sloan School of Management at MIT in 1985?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at the University of California?
What is the course number for the EECS course that requires completing CS 169A with a grade of B+ or better?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests lie in the intersection of information t?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center (BWRC) Selected Publications Please see Goo?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interest, specifically, nuclear instrumentation fo?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at UC Berkeley with Prof?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Theory (THY) Education: 2022, Ph?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves encompasses user interfaces with a focus on search?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on energy-efficient integrated systems, in?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow at LBNL and a visiting scientist at the Sim?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves has influenced IETF and NIST standards, and his Pr?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow and has been awarded the Outstanding Teachi?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Grace Murray Hopper Award?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow status in 2004?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Education (EDUC) ; Signal Processing (S?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Lab, Computational Precision Health, and the Cente?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in milli-robotics, including flying ?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W241B after taking?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow at the School of John A?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests included wireless microsensors, energy s?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are at the intersection of machine learn?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W242A after taking , ?
What is the course number for the EECS course that 2, , or EE 242B?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow in 1980?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in network information theory and re?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in Human-Computer Interaction focuses on the creat?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center (ARC), and Berkeley Canadian Studies Progra?
What is the course number for the EECS course that or MEC ENG 100; MEC ENG 132 or EL ENG 120?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Excellence , 2008 Kalai Prize in Game Theory and C?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include hybrid systems, distributed and ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Award , 2011 Asian American Distinguished Lifetime?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves concerned the design and implementation of algorit?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves under the supervision of Artificial Intelligence p?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Agile Design of Efficient Processing Techn?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves connects programming languages, databases, and for?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves award, the UC Berkeley Eli Jury dissertation award?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Institute for Data Science (BIDS)?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves photovoltaic solar energy?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at Bell Labs Mathematics Research Center in Murray?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Kavli Center for Ethics, Science, and the ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Assistant at Stanford and EPFL, and has worked for?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Lab (BAIR) Berkeley Center for Responsible, Decent?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Artificial Intelligence (AI) ; Control,?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves with faculty and students to bridge the gap betwee?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves to advance quantum computation, communication and ?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of the IEEE in 1974 and has received many i?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves for twenty-five years in the EECS and Biophysics D?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves electron guns, streams and traveling-wave tubes?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow (PFF)?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of the American Association for the Advance?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests center on the use of short wavelength el?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow and Director of Semiconductor Research?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are bionanoscience, nanomedicine for glo?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jers?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is in theoretical computer science, with an emphas?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the area of power electronics?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for  after taking EE 147?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Staff at PARC, a Xerox Company?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on computing pedagogy, educational program?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves computational methods to analyze and interpret per?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Resources (Morgan-Claypool, 2014), and the author ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves measurement platform ," in Proceedings of the 2012?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on programming languages and program synth?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at Harvard University?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves over the years has wandered from performance model?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves broadly on the theoretical aspects of machine lear?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves activities include digital and analog integrated c?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves strives to build ever more intelligent systems, wh?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on sensors and sensor interface electronic?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratory from 2004 to 2005, and the Associate De?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in Asia from 2009 to 2013?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests lie primarily in quantum computing?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the Interest of Society (CITRIS) in 2001, a mul?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at SUNY Buffalo, receiving a master's degree in 19?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow in 1968 - 1969 at the Institut Blaise Pasca?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for W241A after taking  or E?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves and Components Research Department, he led researc?
What is the course number for the EECS course that The prerequisite for “Lab-only” enrollment that term wil?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow during 1972-3?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves with ParLab; see http://parlab?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves laboratories, and investing in startup companies?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in Robotics and Automation?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves (KAIR) lab under BAIR and serves on the advisory b?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in 130nm CMOS with 400mV supply and an integrated ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves aims to make the practice of machine learning more?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves noise in transistor mixers?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the 1960s on formal language theory and ultimat?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Integrated Circuits (INC) ; Design, Mod?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves addresses networks of small, embedded wireless dev?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves and Development Laboratory at Fairchild Semiconduc?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Grant , 2002 Gödel Prize , 1996 About History Div?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on digital forensics, forensic science, mi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in computational complexity, analysi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Graphics (GR) ; Biosystems & Computatio?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in biosensory computing (brainwave a?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves closely with clinical teams, to develop the tools ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves for his Engineer degree was conducted in the Physi?
Where is Soda Hall located on the UC Berkeley campus?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Interests: Scientific Computing (SCI) ; Programmin?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves spans many aspects of programming language impleme?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at UC Berkeley during 2001-02 and previousl?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Visual Computing Lab (VCL) Selected Honors?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow of IEEE and International Federation of Aut?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves style is to identify critical questions for the IT?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Award , 2000 Norbert Wiener Prize in Applied Mathe?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves contributions to nuclear medicine and imaging tech?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on engineering heterogeneous electronic ma?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is to introduce software techniques to accelerate ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Fellow , 2025 IEEE CS TCDE Early Career/Rising Sta?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Fellowship (2008), Packard Fellowship for Science ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are data analysis of student learning in?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves at the intersection of Speech Processing, Neurosci?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focus is on network security, notably worms, botne?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves centers on machine learning methods for improving ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves includes the testing of a lab-centric data structu?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for  after completing EE 126?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include machine learning and statistical?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for  after completing COMPSC?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves scientist at the Allen Institute for AI?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the Berkeley AI Research (BAIR) lab?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves spanned both electrical engineering and computer s?
What is the course number for the EECS course that provides an introduction to the CS curriculum at UC Berkeley?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Additionally,  provides technical instruction to review conc?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratory at Berkeley, an organized research unit?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves and Personal pages | Group Publications page | Cla?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W230B after taking?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow in the UC Berkeley EECS department?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at the Berkeley Institute of Data Science (?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests span power electronic circuit topologies?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves processing as a cloud service ," in Proceedings of?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in Frankfurt, Germany; chaired the campus Engineer?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves long-term technological directions in semiconducto?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Grant , 1999 About History Diversity Visiting Spec?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Lab (BAIR) Berkeley Center for New Media (BCNM) Se?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Mentoring award, the LPFI Lux award, the SAP Visio?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include computer security, systems secur?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves , uses spectral graph theory to explore how a netw?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in social computing, technologically?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Berkeley Benchmarking and Optimization Gro?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Scientist at Verimag from 2001 to 2006, and a Rese?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is also widely used in the community?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in EECS at UC Berkeley, and then went to MIT as a ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves combines sensorimotor systems neuroscience, networ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves scientist at Intel Labs?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on statistical natural language processing?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for T after taking EECS 127 ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves was in theoretical computer science, and most of h?
What is the course number for the EECS course that While /213A provides an overview of power electronics fundam?
What is the course number for the EECS course that The primary focus of /213B is time in the laboratory, with s?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratories, Culver City and Malibu, CA?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the College of Engineering at UC Berkeley?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves positions at the Exxon Research Laboratory at Lind?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow and the recipient of two ACM-SIGMOD "Test o?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves group in January of 2014 after obtaining his PhD f?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in semiconductor laser dynamics established fundam?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of ISMRM and Fellow of AIMBE (American Inst?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves included privacy, security issues in sensor webs, ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Institute in Shenzhen, China?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center as a Member of Research Staff in 1992, to r?
When is the deadline for the nomination of the outstanding TA awards?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratory, San Jose, CA; AI Center, SRI Internati?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratory in Erlangen, Germany?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves group studies cyber-physical systems, which integr?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves has found widespread application in the chemical p?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves projects centered on the use of high-precision mic?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves was commercialized as a startup, Ponder, in 2021, ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves faculty of the Center for Sustainable Systems at t?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the Department of Psychology at Cornell Univers?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves has focused on conceptualization and exploration o?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center (BWRC) and the Berkeley Ubiquitous SwarmLab?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves papers on data base technology, operating systems ?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Booth Luce Professor at Boston College?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the areas of RF and digital wireless communicat?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in information theory, wireless comm?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests focus on statistics and machine learning?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow from 1965-1966 and studied radiation from h?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center (BWRC) SpeciaLIzed Computing Ecosystems (SL?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests included the role of memory processes in?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on interstellar communications with applic?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in Genomics, Secure Machine Learning?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include computer graphics, computer anim?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in the architecture, optimization an?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves focuses on machine learning for decision making an?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves revolves around high-assurance design of cyber-phy?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center (BWRC), a Core Member of the Center for Neu?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in the Interest of Society (CITRIS), a California ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Centers Visual Computing Lab (VCL) Teaching Schedu?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests focus on micro electromechanical systems?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves for the industry as a Senior Director at MediaTek ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Scientist at the International Computer Science In?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests: development of physics-inspired machine?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Center where he worked until June 2000 on various ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves tracing framework ," in Proc?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves in Policy Organization Measurement and Evaluation ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves staff at Interval Research Corporation from 1996-1?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Laboratory (1952-1956), followed by the chairmansh?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves infrastructure, sensor networks, and security?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Distinguished Chair in Semiconductor Processing an?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests include distributed systems, cloud compu?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves spans natural language processing, machine learnin?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Grant , 2015 NSF Faculty Early Career Development ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Magnetic Particle Imaging and Magnetic Resonance I?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves contributed to substantial progress in the analysi?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves and he is the creator of the SIOX object segmentat?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in imaging, graphics, computer visio?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves is teaching, and his areas of interest include sys?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Excellence Award, the ACM Allen Newell Award, the ?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests are in cryptography and security?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves includes exploring the design of extremely-wide ar?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves Fellow , 2025 Okawa Research Grant , 2024 NSF Facu?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at Harvard University before joining Berkel?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves falls at the intersection of AI and human behavior?
What is the course number for the EECS course that Students will receive no credit for EE W240A after taking  o?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow of IEEE and AAAS?
Who is the EECS faculty member whose work involves interests bridge the computational, statistical, c?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the fellow of the AMS and SIAM?
Who is the EECS faculty member who received the Fellow at Microsoft?
